It's the first time I've seen you
decline a request, Attorney Kujo.
Why did you turn down
Hanae Iemori's request?
Because it'd be troublesome to be accused
of a conflict of interest later on.
Is that because you used to work
at Attorney Yamashiro's firm?
I worked there for about five years
before I became independent.
Has he always had a bad reputation?
No.
He used to be well-liked
and respected by others in the profession.
It was only…
He made a name for himself
by handling a big case.
Then he began expanding
into side businesses.
That got him into debt.
And he had an anti-social force
cover his debt?
As a result, he's now in a position
where he's forced to help them.
Money is scary.
It is scary.
Hello, Attorney Nagaragi.
It's been a while, Attorney Kurama.
I now go by the name Kujo.
Oh, that's right.
It's your wife's last name.
My ex-wife.
My apologies. Is work going well?
Thanks to your teachings,
I've been able to get by.
So what did you wanna talk about?
I'm debating whether
to go up against an attorney I know.
Since you're debating it,
is it someone quite close to you?
Then listen to me
as if I'm just talking to myself.
-Let's walk a little.
-Sure.
"The law is nothing
but the ethical minimum."
Those are the words
of the German jurist Jellinek.
Even if something is ethically wrong,
it may not violate the law.
Ordinary people may flaunt
their ethics on social media,
but the law is a different matter.
Everyone sees ethics differently anyway.
The law can be cold
and heartless at times.
If you abuse it,
it can become extremely unethical.
So it shouldn't be mistaken,
but an attorney works
for the benefit of their client.
A client who has
little knowledge of the law
places their full trust in their attorney.
Because of that,
they follow everything the attorney says,
and end up paying an outrageous amount
of money and signing an unjust document.
Attorneys who greedily pursue money
for their own selfish gain,
instead of serving their clients'
best interests, are a disgrace.
Yes.
So Attorney Kujo,
only the son can stop
the parents' madness.
Put a stop
to Attorney Yamashiro's madness.
Attorney Kujo,
shall we order room service?
I'm really fine.
But you gave all your assets
to your ex-wife and live in a tent, right?
At least eat properly.
I've recently changed
to eating one meal a day.
My focus is improved through hunger,
and I rest my stomach
for more than 16 hours.
-The autophagy effect boosts my immunity.
-What the heck is that?
Whatever. Just eat.
What parent wouldn't worry
about their son's health?
Oh, hi. It's Mr. Yamashiro. Well…
Meat and bread. Yeah.
And beer. Right away.
I said, beer!
I said to hurry. Yeah, okay.
Meat in the morning?
If you're in the prime of life,
you should eat meat in the morning
and get energized.
Huh? So what did you want to talk about?
As the legal representative
of Shigenori Iemori's heir,
and under my duties as executor,
I request that you disclose
the inventory of assets and the will.
He's the one who, in his will,
left the entire amount to Kikogi,
which runs the nursing home.
I contacted the financial institution.
And I discovered that you,
the executor of the will,
withdrew the entire amount.
I simply executed the will
in accordance with the law.
But Mr. Iemori, who passed away,
had advanced dementia.
He was unable to communicate.
We may file a criminal suit for forgery
of private documents and seals,
use of forged documents, or compulsion.
If you want to see the will,
here you go.
The person clearly wrote this himself.
I, SHIGENORI IEMORI,
DO HEREBY DECLARE THIS TO BE MY WILL.
APPOINTED EXECUTOR OF MY WILL -
YUZO YAMASHIRO
TESTATOR - SHIGENORI IEMORI
Well, I don't mind fighting.
But I care about you like my own son.
If you are dissatisfied,
why don't we settle this
by my paying the reserved share amount?
In that case,
half of the assets, 200 million,
will go to the daughter.
How's that?
No.
My client is seeking
the return of all assets.
I'm not considering anything else.
Well, then, Attorney Kujo,
are you willing to take me,
your own parent, down with you?
-Yes.
-"Yes"?
"Yes"?
Yes.
Did you really say, "Yes"?
Who helped you become an attorney?
Show some respect.
As my parent taught me…
I'm merely siding with my client.
I don't understand your complex ramblings.
So as I said…
That aside, just make sure
to get back all the assets!
Yes, yes.
Only say "yes" once.
I can't believe you took on
Ms. Iemori's request.
There's no going back now.
I know.
So how do you plan to fight
against your mentor?
I'm thinking it through right now.
But you're at a complete disadvantage.
There's even a will written
by the late Shigenori Iemori.
But Shigenori Iemori had dementia.
I'm not sure
that he wrote the will voluntarily.
Well, his daughter, Hanae,
said he was forced to write it.
If only we could prove that.
That'll be very difficult.
After all, our opponent is cunning and
has come through many battles unscathed.
But this was surprising.
Surprising?
I thought for sure
that you'd turn the case down.
Why did you take it on?
Now, then,
shall we go out?
KIKOGI GENERAL INCORPORATED ASSOCIATION
KIKO NURSING HOME
Hello, there.
You must be the lawyer.
It'll be a while before the CEO,
Mr. Sugawara, arrives.
Would you like me to show you inside?
Yes, please.
Okay. Right this way.
This is the playroom.
The residents gather here
and have fun like this.
The facility is clean,
and the residents are cheerful.
Thank you very much.
Excuse me.
Hello.
"A positive and bright future begins
with a believing heart."
It's Mr. Sugawara's motto.
Even if the person is elderly, if they
look ahead and believe in a bright future,
they will gain hope for life.
I see.
They're coloring today.
Hey.
That area is off-limits.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Kuga.
Oh,
are you Attorney Kujo?
Yes.
Mr. Sugawara is too busy to meet with you.
Can you go now?
But we have an appointment.
Please make another.
Understood.
Let's leave, Attorney Karasuma.
-Huh? But we haven't seen anything yet.
-Let's leave.
Are you sure?
They weren't going to show us
the important area anyway.
Well, that's probably true.
Attorney Karasuma.
Yes?
I have a small favor to ask.
"A positive and bright future begins
with a believing heart."
Hey there!
You can't do that, Mr. Udagawa.
You can't go out without permission.
You broke the rules,
so let's stay quiet for a week.
I'm hungry.
Sure thing. Curry or ramen?
I don't want anything cold.
I want warm rice and miso soup.
The curry and ramen here
are delicious when they're cold.
Don't be too demanding.
Hey.
Do you want to get a hole in your stomach
and have us feed you liquid food directly,
like Mr. Iwai in the next bed?
No way.
Then you have to endure it.
"A positive and bright future begins
with a believing heart."
Go on.
"A positive
and bright…"
Louder!
"A positive and bright future…"
"A positive and bright future begins
with a believing heart!"
Okay. One more time.
"A positive…"
Mr. Udagawa's done with his meal.
Got it.
Did he eat everything?
I forced the cold curry into his mouth.
I tried it once.
It was the most disgusting thing.
Hey, have you
got used to the job?
Yeah.
This place is chill with the staff.
It's freaking awesome.
Mr. Sugawara
sees caregiving simply as a business.
If the residents are kept in the facility,
the cost of traveling to their homes
will be reduced.
And the payments will keep coming in
until the residents die.
He said it's like a subscription.
Subscription?
So true.
The elderly people let their money rot.
He said we can bury them in care services
and use up the system's full limit.
He squeezed a lot of money
out of Mr. Iemori, who just died.
Mr. Iemori, huh?
He was a lot of work.
He was rebellious,
so I punched him and broke his rib.
By the way, my supervisor had me
make Mr. Iemori practice writing
the same sentences every day.
He was rebellious sometimes
and didn't want to write.
So every time that happened,
I flicked his broken rib.
His facial expression was so funny
that I had to film it.
Do you want to see?
Yeah.
Executor! Executor of will!
Got it? Hurry up and do it.
Don't stop, don't stop. Don't.
I… I can't breathe.
Don't you dare leave evidence of abuse.
Mr. Sugawara.
Huh?
Do you save your photos
and the like to the cloud?
No.
Smartphones, these days, don't break
when they're submerged in water.
When you climb to the top,
drop your phone, and destroy it.
Y-Yes!
Mr. Sugawara, I'll throw your coffee away.
I didn't wash my hands
after using the bathroom earlier.
Bacteria are growing in there.
That's dirty.
Drink it.
Huh?
Yes.
I look at the dying,
old people in our facility,
and I always think
they're a lot like this country.
By "this country," do you mean Japan?
With the elderly population growing,
Japan's tax revenue
will rely on the working population,
which is half of the total.
The wealthy know how
to avoid paying taxes.
The burden will fall on salaried workers,
with taxes squeezed from their paychecks.
I made it to the top!
Drop it.
Yes!
Hey, your voice is too small.
Kuga,
give me the coffee.
We only take the good stuff.
And we'll abandon the country
that's about to die,
move to a country that's on the rise,
and live a life of ease.
We're brothers who shared a cup.
I'll kill you if you betray me.
Yes.
CHINESE CUISINE
BEIJING RESTAURANT
Thank you very much.
Welcome! Come on in. Please.
Eat as much as you want.
Please take me to a counter-only
sushi restaurant occasionally,
or a teppanyaki place
where the chef cooks in front of you.
We always end up going
to places like this.
Hey!
Ms. Yakushimae,
"Places like this"? Isn't that rude?
But look at this place!
All the autographs are fake.
They're real.
Morgan Freeman would never come here.
Hey, Attorney Karasuma,
this is fraud, right?
-Huh?
-Maybe I should sue this restaurant.
When our current case settles down,
let's have Attorney Kujo take us out.
You promised.
Did you find out anything
about Ms. Iemori?
Oh…
Did you know Ms. Iemori's father
used to run a famous jewelry store?
I knew he ran a jewelry store,
but I didn't know it was famous.
It wasn't that it was making
a lot of money.
It was famous for not going bankrupt
despite not having any customers.
There are stores like that sometimes.
But the family owned land,
so they had plenty of money.
And she had some disputes
with her younger brother and his wife.
IEMORI
Her younger brother, Keisuke,
works as an accountant.
Hey, you're being inconsiderate
of the neighbors.
His wife's name is Saeko.
Before Shigenori developed dementia,
it seems that she left
with Keisuke and his mother.
So after that, Hanae cared for him alone?
That's right.
It was tough, with him wandering around
and running amok in the house.
I consulted a friend of mine
who's a caregiver,
and it seems like Shigenori had
a pretty severe case of dementia.
How severe?
Dementia
can be divided into the four stages
of preclinical, early, middle, and late.
Shigenori's cognitive abilities
had declined,
and he was unable to recognize people
and understand words,
which indicates the late stage.
Late stage…
Your total is 1,012 yen.
Huh?
It's 1,012 yen.
Got it. Just a moment.
Okay.
I'm busy here.
What a slow and annoying old hag.
Huh?
Get your wallet out before you check out.
I thought I had it.
-Well, then…
-Yes.
I'd like to use this.
I'm sorry.
We don't accept electronic money.
So many old people.
OINTMENT
This tastes bad.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Excuse me. Please excuse me.
Dad.
Oh, no, no. No, no.
Dad, let's go home.
Let's go home. Let's go home.
I'm sorry.
Ma'am, I need you to pay for that.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Dad!
Don't be fooled.
Stop, stop.
-Don't be fooled.
-Dad, stop it.
Dad, no, no.
Dad?
Hey, do you smell something?
It really stinks. What could it be?
Something stinks.
It stinks.
What is it?
No way.
Wait a minute… Hey, hey.
There's a register open up front.
Good morning, Attorney Kujo…
Good morning, Attorney Karasuma.
What happened?
The office is a mess.
Don't tell me there was a police raid.
It was Black Thunder.
When it doesn't get enough exercise,
this is what happens from stress.
If we don't find a new owner soon,
we'll be forced to shut down our practice.
So how did it go?
The background check on Ms. Iemori.
It seems like Shigenori's dementia
was quite severe.
I don't think he was
in any condition to write a will.
I see.
Someone might have copied Shigenori's
handwriting and forged the will.
Well, you see…
This…
It's Shigenori Iemori.
He's writing the will himself.
I sent this to the attorney
on the opposing side.
Is that so?
Anyway, this 3,000-yen hamburger
is delicious.
Right?
Apparently, it's a specialty
of this hotel.
So,
is everything okay, Attorney Yamashiro?
Mr. Sugawara,
don't worry.
In a dispute,
ideally, you want to get the other party
to submit without hurting them.
Even if we fight in court,
an obvious victory is meaningless.
What's right is a settlement with
neither grand praise nor elegant honor.
In other words,
it's important to win without fighting.
I showed him familial love.
But Attorney Kujo bit back.
He's already lost
before the fight has begun.
Dad…
How could this happen?
It was probably made
under Attorney Yamashiro's instructions.
Since it's handwritten, the will is valid.
He's trying to resolve this quickly
with a settlement.
Settlement? You mean,
we must settle for 200 million? For half?
No, I can't accept that.
But Attorney Yamashiro is well-prepared.
In addition to the video
of writing the will,
the primary doctor is likely in league
with the nursing home.
The doctor won't disclose
any medical records unfavorable to them.
It's like a perfect crime
with no evidence.
There's nothing we can do.
In court, Attorney Yamashiro's
ironclad defense
will give him a huge advantage.
An ironclad defense, indeed.
Ms. Iemori.
Considering the cost-effectiveness
of a prolonged trial,
it'd be wise to accept their offer
and take the statutory reserved share.
No, no.
Absolutely not. Absolutely not!
Why do I have to give the inheritance
to some random nursing home?
Isn't there a way to get
the entire amount back?
If there is a way,
it'd be by catching them unaware.
Catching them unaware?
Attorney Yamashiro
likely staged things meticulously
because he saw the case
as legally problematic.
So…
It's important to win without fighting.
My mentor taught me that.
Attorney Yamashiro has already lost
before the fight has begun.
Anyway, you have such a bad attitude.
Put your feet down.
Yes, yes.
Only say "yes" once.
Why is this happening? This is the worst.
I heard some punks
are fighting with security.
Hey, let us in. Hey!
I'm calling the police!
I said, let us in. Hey!
Okay. Move aside.
Huh?
There we go.
Mibu.
You're late.
Hey, you.
What are you teaching your juniors?
Did they come to wreck this place,
knowing I'm backing it?
No.
That's not it, Mr. Sugawara.
You guys are interfering with business.
How will you take responsibility?
I'm sorry.
Huh?
I can't hear you.
You lack sincerity.
Get on your knees and apologize.
Mibu.
If you don't, I'll break his legs.
Here.
My junior was disrespectful.
I'm sorry. Please forgive us.
Mibu!
You're pathetic.
-Kuga, are you filming this?
-Yes, I am.
Five million for the inconvenience.
Bring it,
Mibu.
IEMORI
Saeko, thank you for helping me.
Let's allow the estate clean-out service
to handle the rest.
Hanae,
are these photo albums?
Here.
Hanae, you received 25 million as a gift
before your dad died. Where is it?
I used it all up
on Dad's nursing care fees.
What?
You spent 25 million on nursing care fees?
I can't believe it.
It does cost that much.
I know this best
because I took care of it all by myself.
Oh, right, right.
You took care of it all yourself,
so that's why he ended up
at a cheap nursing home.
It wasn't cheap.
Really?
I read online that it was
an "elderly dumping ground."
And you used the money you saved
to hire a massage therapist for yourself?
I heard it from the neighbors.
What's wrong with that?
I was working, taking care of him,
and getting by on four hours of sleep.
Well, I guess a housewife like you
wouldn't understand.
Hey,
are you looking down on housewives?
The nursing home scammed you.
If you believe that,
you guys should've cared for him.
Why should I take care
of my father-in-law?
I even helped your mother
go to the bathroom.
How much money did I give you
for her living expenses?
Enough already!
I could've had a different life.
My mother-in-law was always nagging me,
but I put up with it.
Anyway,
get back my stolen life
and our share of the inheritance.
Seriously… So hopeless.
I'm exhausted.
HANAE, SIX YEARS OLD
KEISUKE, FOUR YEARS OLD
AUGUST 7TH
AT HACHIOJI CHILDREN'S AMUSEMENT PARK
CHILDREN'S AMUSEMENT PARK TICKET
ADULT - 700 YEN
Something smells good.
Oh, Mibu.
It's smoked meat.
Would you like to join us?
-Are you sure?
-Of course.
Then I'll have some.
Huh?
You sure eat heartily!
Beer on the roof
in the early evening is the best!
It really is.
Attorney Kujo.
Here you go.
Thank you. This will be very helpful.
Well, I have some things to take care of,
so I'll be going now.
Thank you for the food.
Thank you.
Attorney Kujo,
what was that USB drive for?
It's our trump card to catch
Attorney Yamashiro unaware.
Can I ask you again…?
Go ahead.
Why did you decide to go up against
your mentor Attorney Yamashiro?
I'm simply prioritizing
my client's interests.
It's just that Attorney Yamashiro's
and my client's opinions are at odds.
Their opinions are at odds…
So if our opinions were at odds,
we'd go against each other, too, right?
Don't say such scary things.
Do you want some coffee?
Yes, please.
Hello, Attorney Yamashiro.
Did you see the news?
Yes.
RAMPANT ABUSE AT CHIBA NURSING HOME
Kujo, huh?
What pollen are you reacting to now?
At this time of year,
it's usually ragweed or rice,
but I think someone is talking about me.
RAMPANT ABUSE AT CHIBA NURSING HOME
A FLICK TO A BROKEN RIB
WAS USED AS A FORM OF "DISCIPLINE"
RAMPANT ABUSE AT CHIBA NURSING HOME
How many times are you going to fail?
Got it? Hurry up and do it.
Don't stop, don't stop. Don't.
Hurry up and do it.
PERSON A GROANS IN PAIN
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa